Project Name: Daylily Database

Project Origin: Course Project for Code Louisville Summer 2017 C# course.

Project Description: A website for the cataloging of daylillies, built on the ASP.NET MVC framework.

Project Parameters: Full CRUD capability with data persistence in LocalDB database.  Home views include Index and About.  Daylily views
include Index, Create, Details, Edit, and Delete (CRUD).  Daylily information includes Name, Color, Height, and Bloom Size.  Context and Ininialization
files located in DAL folder.

Issues in Build: First two attempts failed as a result of attempting to do too much too soon.  The project was rebuilt from scratch as simple as
possible and then updated and refactored.  The first two attempts yeilded many learning opportunities that culminated in the ease of building
the final product here (v3).

Updates for a Later Date: Increase the styling and add images.  Add more data fields to the database (bool Tetraploid and Reblooming, enum Primary and
Secondary Color).  Create the colors and heights as pre-determined choices from dropdown to limit possibilies and mitigate duplication and information
sprawling.  Color choices could be limited to <20 and height and bloom size could be limited to .25 inches in a range from 8"-42" in height and 
4"-8" in bloom size.  Tetraploid and Reblooming categories could be a simple YES/NO radio button.  (It is these factors that were causing issues in the 
first two versions.  It is because of a time limitation that the basic functionality is included in V3 with the possibility of enhancements and 
refactoring at a later date).  Version 2 is still available on GitHub as simply CSharpProject (no V3) for reference in the future.

How to Run the Project: You will need to ensure that you have a working copy of Visual Studio (not Visual Studio Code) and a local installation
of Microsoft SQLLocalDb and the Microsoft .NET Framework.  Then, clone or download the CSharpProjectV3 repository and open the CSharpProjectV3.sln file in the top folder.

Contact Information:
Russell Kahmann
rk@roguemiddlechild.com
www.roguemiddlechild.com
